Woke up to rules that I never made,
Trapped in a life where dreams would fade.
Counting the days in a hollow race,
Running so fast but stuck in place.
They say, "Just follow, don’t ask why,"
But I see the world and I wonder why—
If living means to just obey,
Then when do I get my say?
Give me some air, give me some light,
Let me feel the world outside.
One more chance, one more day,
Let me live in my own way.
I colored inside the lines they drew,
Hiding the shades of a life I knew.
They called it wisdom, they called it fate,
But all I felt was a heavy weight.
They say, "Be perfect, don’t fall behind,"
But I’ve got a voice and I’ve got a mind.
If life’s a song, then I won’t mime,
I’ll write my own, in my own time.
Give me some air, give me some light,
Let me feel the world outside.
One more chance, one more day,
Let me live in my own way.
I don’t want regrets to hold me down,
No more fear, no more doubt.
If I must fall, then let me fly,
At least I’ll know I tried.
Give me some air, give me some light,
Let me feel the world outside.
One more chance, one more day,
Let me live in my own way.
Let me live before goodbye…